What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	When we initialize a repository using the command 'git init', we are telling that we will actually be tracking the files in git. When we run the command, a new folder with the name .git gets created. We can run the command 'git status' to check the cuurent status of the commit. Without initializing the git we would not be able to create commits.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

	Staging area is an intermediate level between the working directory and the git repository. We need to first add the files to the staging area and then the whole package of the staging area can be added as part of the git repository. The value it offers is that we can choose not to add all the files to the git repository. It gives us flexibility to add only some of the files to the git repository.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

	Staging area can be used to make sure that we have one commit per logical change. We can use the command 'git diff' to compare the files between the working directory and 'git diff --staged' to compare the files between staging area and git's last commit. We can view the changes to decide if they all together are one logical change and can be committed at once.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

	Branches help in a lot of ways. If you want to make an experiment or a POC and show it to your colleagues/managers, you can create a new branch and work on that. And later if you need to work on the main branch, you can always checkout the master branch and continue working on that. This way branches help a lot because it does not interfere with the main code and we can make our changes without worrying about the fact that it might ruin the production code.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	Diagrams are very helpful in visualizing the branch structure. It gives a clear picture on when the branch was created and how many commits were done after branching.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

	The result of merging two branches together - the code from both the branches get merged into single commit. We represent it in the diagram because it makes it easier to follow which commit comes from which branch and what changes were done in each one of them. It becomes easier to visualize.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?